who's the Kings car man owns the
building least we can get his car right
oh I have almost no cash just nine
thousand dollars that's keys just so you
know I would have done the same thing if
you were white that's good to know
yes you're under arrest for fraud and
embezzlement I have faith that the
justice system will exonerate me
I've sentenced you to ten years in a
maximum-security prison
does he say ten years my life is ruined
because after 30 days I'm going to
prison it's not as bad as I've heard is
it bad
teach me how to survive in prison the
way you did tell me how you know I went
to prison give me your low economic
status what your perceived lack of
college education Mac okay statistically
you definitely went to prison see you
tomorrow convey the session I'm learning
so much this is exactly what I did
what reason did you give him to assume
that you went to jail I was being black
you're not exactly a thug Darnell all I
got to do was talk a little deeper I'm
gonna fake an act don't walk away from
me
not prison right in this program you
Matheny skilled you will survive in
prison he seems you mad don't face it
like what is a mad dog ha
what are you doing James sad dog in you
I think that's a strategy that could
work
please don't sexually assault me I'm
already too sad I go hard
witty some never defeat this ain't no
longer your house man Pete I matter we
have stayed acquaintance man when the
wrong part of the yard white boy she
wants to say I'm very confused they go
back where you belong I don't know where
I belong I know you belong you belong
with me I don't want that incarceration
expert this is my job to prepare you we
are about to simulate a prison right
Romeo oh man it's my game man it's short
for mayonnaise